Update Readme to allow for meal activity type (#388)
tmrowco/northapp-contrib: README.md

  id, // a string that uniquely represents this activity
  datetime, // a javascript Date object that represents the start of the activity
  label, // a string that represents the transaction
  activityType: ACTIVITY_TYPE_PURCHASE,
  merchantDisplayName, // (optional) a string that represents the merchant where the purchase was made

>   purchaseCategory, // (optional) a string that represents the category of the purchase. Categories can be found here: https://github.com/tmrowco/northapp-contrib/blob/master/definitions.js

Reviewer: This one is no longer supported and should be removed.

>   lineItems, // (required if the activity contains line items) an array with an object [{ identifier: xx, amount: 2.1, unit: 'kg', currency: XXX}] where `identifier` is a key from footprints.yml and `unit` a valid unit from definitions.js, and currency is only required if the line item is a monetary amount

Reviewer: - This is always required for a purchase, I think? @corradio ?
- The example in comment is wrong - see suggestion below :)

```suggestion
  lineItems, // an array with specific items that can be either in monetary or amount-based form: [{ identifier: XX, value: 2.1, unit: XX}] where `identifier` is a key from footprints.yml and `unit` a valid unit from definitions.js. See purchase/index.test.js for examples.
```

Reviewer 2: good catch!!

  bankDisplayName, // (required for integrations with banks) a string that represents the banks' name
  bankIdentifier, // (required for integrations with banks) a string that uniquely represents the bank.
}
```
##### Meal activity formatting
```javascript
{
  id, // a string that uniquely represents this activity
  datetime, // a javascript Date object that represents the start of the activity
  label, // a string that represents the meal
  activityType: ACTIVITY_TYPE_MEAL,

>   lineItems, // (required if the activity contains ingredients) an array with an object [{ identifier: xx, amount: 2.1, unit: 'kg'}] where `identifier` is a key from footprints.yml and `unit` a valid unit from definitions.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  lineItems, // (required if the activity contains ingredients) an array with an object [{ identifier: xx, value: 2.1, unit: 'kg'}] where `identifier` is a key from footprints.yml and `unit` a valid unit from definitions.js
```

>   bankIdentifier, // (required for integrations with banks) a string that uniquely represents the bank.

Reviewer 2: I suggest also adding lineItems here

}
```
##### Meal activity formatting
```javascript
{
  id, // a string that uniquely represents this activity
  datetime, // a javascript Date object that represents the start of the activity
  label, // a string that represents the meal
  activityType: ACTIVITY_TYPE_MEAL,

>   lineItems, // (required if the activity contains ingredients) an array with a key being an ingredient from footprints.yml, the amount as a float, and the unit from definitions.js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  lineItems, // (required if the activity contains ingredients) an array with an object [{ identifier: xx, amount: 2.1, unit: 'kg'}] where `identifier` is a key from footprints.yml and `unit` a valid unit from definitions.js
```
